hi my name is Rolla and welcome to
eating with Rula today we are going to
make a delicious chip it's called hummus
or as you may know it hummus
this dish is nutritious and as I said
very delicious and can be served with
anything kebabs or any other main dish
you'd like it to be served x2 or you can
have it as an appetizer if your friends
call you last minute and they decide to
come it's quick and easy to make and I
promise you they will love it as much as
you so why don't we get started first
thing is I use a food processor because
I prefer because it grinds the chickpeas
very well so that it's fine a good house
to me should be fine and smooth
smooth like butter I shouldn't taste or
I shouldn't feel I should say the little
bits of chickpeas that you can have if
you're not using a good food processor
if you don't have a food processor then
by all means use your blender next thing
we're going to need is one can of
chickpeas 15.5 pounds can of chickpeas
we are going to dump it into the food
processor there is no rhyme or reason to
how you make this and plump it all the
ingredients in here and put it on and
it's done that's how quick and that's
how easy it is the next ingredient is
the half as half of one lemon of freshly
squeezed lemon juice put it in there
garlic we're gonna put one small clove
we're not going to put anything too big
because we'll have barely very very
garlicky hummus and if you like it
garlicky that's something we'll do
that's later so a smoke little garlic a
third of a cup of water 1/4 of a
teaspoon of salt and the last ingredient
which i think is one of the most
important ingredients is tainted Tina is
a sesame paste made of ground Sesame's
you can find Tina in any middle-eastern
store or Mediterranean store now when
you open up your bottle of tina you're
going to notice that there is a thick
layer of oil on the top you want to take
the same tablespoon that you're going to
need for the homeless and you're going
to stir it around to make sure that your
oil is well incorporated into the sesame
paste once you do that we're gonna take
nine tablespoons of tahini make sure
your tablespoons are filled and just
dump it on there
seven eight and nine Tina if you put too
much it's usually not a problem or if
you put too little it's not a problem
so don't ever be afraid of that and then
that's it you've put all your reasons
that you're going to need for this into
your food processor or blender what I'm
gonna do now is I'm gonna put the food
processor on and leave it on for about
two to three minutes because I want my
the most smooth the smoother as I said
the better so I'm going to leave it on I
do other things in the kitchen and then
I'll come back to you and come back to
it and we'll see how it's looking this
looks about done it's perfect it's
smooth just the consistency you want
right here what I want you to do at this
point is I want you to try your hummus
because you should see if if you want
more salt lemon garlic or Tim I think
you're gonna love it as it is but I also
want you to remember that reason why I'm
asking you to try it also is because
food is a blessing it is a gift it is
such a pleasure and you should enjoy
eating as much as I do and that's why I
want you to try it and make it taste as
good as as can be so you're happy with
what you're eating okay but that said
we're going to take this on over to here
and I'm gonna put this onto this
appetizer platter you can really put
your hummus on anything but I chose this
to show you how I would serve it if I
had
coming over so right here I have some
pita chips some pita chips that I need
and you can watch my video on how to
make these pita chips they're very easy
and delicious so we take our hummus and
we're gonna put it here on our butter
spread it out and then prepare to feast
so I'm gonna decorate it a little bit i
am i put some chickpeas aside just so i
could decorate my homeless a little bit
and it's i put it on top then i add a
little bit of color paprika it doesn't
give any taste just some color to your
hummus and then you're set you have a
gorgeous of hummus and pita chips but if
you prefer by the way not to have pita
chips and you want just pita bread you
can do that as well i think either one
it tastes delicious and also again back
to the whole thing of making what you
like
try your hummus as is without you know
how we prepared it here and see how you
like it then what i want you to do is
take your olive oil because you can
serve it with or without olive oil it is
no right or wrong way put it here on the
corner of the hummus and try it and see
how you like it
with olive oil
it was amazing
I wish you could come over and eat with
me those would be so much fun it's
delicious it's really delicious and as I
mentioned it's quick it's easy and it's
a wonderful wonderful appetizer or side
dish that will please all your guests so
thank you for joining me today and I
hope to see you again in the future I'm
eating with her life
take care Bon Appetit